Update User Guide intro and disclaimer (#95)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

> 

Reviewer: Yup I think the features should be changed to
```suggestion
The format of all deadline fields is `dd-MM-yyyy HHmm`. e.g. 21-10-1998 1830 is 21 October 1998 6.30pm.

The formate of all date fields is `dd-MM-yyyy`. e.g. 21-10-1998 is 21 October 1998.
```

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:bookmark: Note:**<br>

> * Client information that can be copied to orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Client information that serves as a bookmark to efficiently add orders for a particular client.
```
